[Autogenerated] at Globomantics.
Remember URL see Vasquez iCloud architect and you have a job to do.
Your boss has asked you to set up a development environment for the
developers to use to get a taste for how things work in a W s.
To that end, you're gonna be using the U.
S.
East one region and use to availability zones within that region For
your VPC you're going to create the Dev Dash vpc and then within that
VPC you're going to create to public facing sub nets and to sub nets
for database services because at some point you will be hosting RDS in
this development.
VPC So that's what we're going to set up in our initial configuration.
All right, it is demo time within the demo,
we are first going to examine our ______ form files and see
what's going on for this demonstration.
Then we're going to deploy the configuration to a W S and review the results.
Now you may want to play along and that is awesome.
You're going to need a few things over the body of this course.
The first thing is,
you're going to need to A W s accounts not for this demo specifically,
but within the larger context of the course,
there are a few demos that require two separate accounts.
One's gonna be basically the security account,
and we'll see how that works in a later module.
You're also going to need full admin access to your AWS accounts.
So if you were thinking about using your work A W s account or
something like that ID recommend against it,
you should probably spin up a set of AWS accounts specifically for this course.
You'll also want to have the A W s CLI installed.
And it doesn't matter if you're running on Mac or Windows or Linux.
Any of those is find.
You just wanna have the CLI installed.
And finally you'll need terra form installed and the exercise files,
which you can always find on my GitHub.
It's Ned 13 13 and then just look for the course name in my repositories.
Okay, with that out of the way, I do have one last disclaimer.
Some of the resources that you deploy in a ws may cost money.
Consider yourself duly warned.
I have done my absolute best to use resources that
cost zero or very little money,
but once you're done working through a configuration,
it's probably best if you delete it.
With that being said, Let's go over to visual studio code and take a look at the configuration.